#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via webauthn
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rijkshuisstijl
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bleach[css]==6.1.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-markdownify
boltons==23.1.1
    # via
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.2
    # via webauthn
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   notifications-api-common
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
commonground-api-common==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via commonground-api-common
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-choices
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-markdownify
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rijkshuisstijl
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-solo
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-allauth==0.61.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-timeline-logger
django-axes[ipware]==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-celery-beat==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-choices==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==6.0.4
    # via django-axes
django-jsonform==2.22.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-markdownify==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-markdownx==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via django-admin-index
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==2.0.0.post1
    # via django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via commonground-api-common
django-rijkshuisstijl @ git+https://github.com/maykinmedia/django-rijkshuisstijl.git
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-rosetta==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==2.0.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-sitetree==1.18.0
    # via django-rijkshuisstijl
django-sniplates==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-solo==2.2.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-timezone-field==6.1.0
    # via django-celery-beat
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via maykin-2fa
djangorestframework==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
drf-nested-routers==0.93.5
    # via commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via commonground-api-common
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.21.4.post8347027212
    # via -r requirements/base.in
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
face==20.1.1
    # via glom
faker==24.3.0
    # via zgw-consumers
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==23.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via commonground-api-common
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via coreschema
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.3.5
    # via celery
lxml==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   django-markdownify
    #   django-markdownx
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via commonground-api-common
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
oyaml==1.0
    # via commonground-api-common
packaging==24.0
    # via drf-yasg
phonenumberslite==8.13.32
    # via django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-markdownx
polib==1.2.0
    # via django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-allauth
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   pyjwt
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   webauthn
    #   zgw-consumers
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-crontab==3.0.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-ipware==2.0.2
    # via django-ipware
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.0.3
    # via django-redis
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.11.0
    # via zgw-consumers
requests-oauthlib==1.4.0
    # via django-allauth
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==1.42.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via bleach
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements/base.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via elastic-apm
zgw-consumers==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   notifications-api-common
